{"Possible late and long-term effects of cancer treatment":[
    {"Treatment effect": "Cognitive impairment",
    "Explanation": "Chemotherapy can lead to cognitive impairment. The patient received FOLFIRINOX, a chemotherapy regimen, which can result in cognitive issues. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy can cause cognitive impairment.",
    "Retrieved context id": 14},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Fatigue",
    "Explanation": "Chemotherapy can cause long-term fatigue. The patient received FOLFIRINOX, which is known to cause fatigue as a long-term effect. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy can lead to fatigue.",
    "Retrieved context id": 14},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Increased risk of cardiovascular disease",
    "Explanation": "Chemotherapy can increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. The patient received FOLFIRINOX, which can contribute to this risk. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease.",
    "Retrieved context id": 14},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Neuropathy",
    "Explanation": "Chemotherapy can cause neuropathy, which includes symptoms like pain, tingling, and numbness. The patient received FOLFIRINOX, which can lead to neuropathy. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy can result in neuropathy.",
    "Retrieved context id": 14},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Osteoporosis/osteopenia",
    "Explanation": "Chemotherapy can lead to osteoporosis or osteopenia. The patient received FOLFIRINOX, which can contribute to bone density issues. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy can cause osteoporosis/osteopenia.",
    "Retrieved context id": 14},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Increased risk of diabetes",
    "Explanation": "The patient has poorly controlled diabetes with an HbA1c level greater than 12. Chemotherapy and the associated weight gain can exacerbate diabetes. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that chemotherapy can increase the risk of diabetes.",
    "Retrieved context id": 16},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Ascites",
    "Explanation": "The patient has experienced ascites, which is a known complication of pancreatic cancer and its treatments. This is supported by the patient information indicating the presence of ascites.",
    "Retrieved context id": 0},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Wound infection",
    "Explanation": "The patient experienced a wound infection in his left neck incision, which is a possible complication of surgery. This is supported by the patient information indicating the presence of a wound infection.",
    "Retrieved context id": 0},
    
    {"Treatment effect": "Sexual dysfunction",
    "Explanation": "Surgery and chemotherapy can lead to sexual dysfunction. The patient underwent a Whipple procedure and received FOLFIRINOX, both of which can contribute to sexual dysfunction. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that surgery and chemotherapy can cause sexual dysfunction.",
    "Retrieved context id": 0}
    ]
}