```json
{"Possible other issues that cancer survivors may experience":[
    {"Issue":"Psychosocial distress, depression, and anxiety",
    "Explanation":"The patient is experiencing increased fatigue, nausea, and other symptoms which can contribute to psychosocial distress. Additionally, being a cancer survivor, she is at risk of depression and anxiety. The retrieved context highlights that cancer survivors often face psychosocial issues such as distress, depression, and anxiety.",
    "Retrieved context id":23},
    
    {"Issue":"Fear of recurrence",
    "Explanation":"Given the patient's history of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas and recent imaging showing an increase in the size of the pancreatic mass, fear of recurrence is a significant concern. The retrieved context indicates that cancer survivors often experience fear of recurrence.",
    "Retrieved context id":20},
    
    {"Issue":"Financial challenges",
    "Explanation":"The patient may face financial challenges due to ongoing cancer treatment and the need for additional procedures such as ERCP. The retrieved context mentions that cancer survivors often face financial issues due to high out-of-pocket costs associated with cancer treatments.",
    "Retrieved context id":19},
    
    {"Issue":"Physical impairments and functional changes",
    "Explanation":"The patient has reported bilateral lower extremity edema and other physical symptoms, which can lead to functional impairments. The retrieved context highlights that cancer survivors may face functional changes and physical impairments.",
    "Retrieved context id":0},
    
    {"Issue":"Relationship and social role difficulties",
    "Explanation":"The patient's ongoing symptoms and treatment needs may impact her relationships and social roles. The retrieved context mentions that cancer survivors may face relationship changes and other social role difficulties.",
    "Retrieved context id":2},
    
    {"Issue":"General health promotion and disease prevention",
    "Explanation":"The comprehensive care of cancer survivors should include monitoring and management of chronic medical conditions, general health promotion, and disease prevention. The patient's ongoing symptoms and treatment needs highlight the importance of this aspect of care.",
    "Retrieved context id":4},
    
    {"Issue":"Pain management",
    "Explanation":"The patient is currently managing upper abdominal pain with Methadone and Oxycodone. Effective pain management is crucial for her quality of life. The retrieved context indicates that pain and neuropathy are common issues among cancer survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":16},
    
    {"Issue":"Racial and ethnic disparities in health care",
    "Explanation":"As an African-American woman, the patient may face additional challenges related to racial and ethnic disparities in health care. The retrieved context highlights that African Americans often report poorer quality of life and physical and mental health compared to White survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":14}
    ]
}
```