```json
{"Lifestyle and behavior recommendations for cancer survivors":[
    {"Lifestyle":"Engage in regular physical activity",
    "Explanation":"Regular physical activity is associated with reduced risk of death and recurrence in breast cancer survivors. The patient should aim for at least 150 minutes of moderate or 75 minutes of vigorous aerobic exercise per week, and include strength training exercises at least 2 days per week. This recommendation is based on the retrieved context emphasizing the importance of physical activity for improving disease outcomes and the patient's current health status.",
    "Retrieved context id":16},
    
    {"Lifestyle":"Maintain a healthy weight",
    "Explanation":"Achieving and maintaining a healthy weight is crucial for cancer survivors to reduce the risk of recurrence and other comorbidities. The patient should limit consumption of high-calorie foods and beverages and increase physical activity to promote and maintain weight loss. This recommendation is based on the retrieved context highlighting the importance of weight management for cancer survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":21},
    
    {"Lifestyle":"Follow a healthy dietary pattern",
    "Explanation":"A dietary pattern high in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, and legumes, and low in saturated fats is recommended. This can help improve prognosis and overall health. The patient should limit alcohol intake to no more than one drink per day. This recommendation is based on the retrieved context emphasizing the role of diet in improving survival outcomes for breast cancer survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":24},
    
    {"Lifestyle":"Avoid smoking and seek cessation support if needed",
    "Explanation":"Smoking cessation is crucial for reducing the risk of lung cancer and other health issues. The patient should avoid smoking and be referred to cessation counseling and resources if they smoke. This recommendation is based on the retrieved context highlighting the importance of smoking cessation for cancer survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":14},
    
    {"Lifestyle":"Consider supplementation with calcium and vitamin D",
    "Explanation":"To reduce the morbidity associated with bone loss, the patient should consider supplementation with calcium (1200 mg/d) and vitamin D3 (600-1000 IU/d) for adults older than 50 years. This recommendation is based on the retrieved context emphasizing the importance of maintaining bone health for cancer survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":2}
    ]
}
```