```json
{"Possible other issues that cancer survivors may experience":[
    {"Issue":"Fear of recurrence",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors often face fear of recurrence, which can impact their mental health and quality of life. This is supported by the retrieved context indicating that fear of recurrence is a common psychological issue among survivors. The patient's history of pancreatic adenocarcinoma and ongoing treatment for metastatic disease may contribute to this fear.",
    "Retrieved context id":"0"},
    
    {"Issue":"Depression and anxiety",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors are at risk for depression and anxiety due to the psychological impact of their diagnosis and treatment. The patient's experience with multiple side effects and ongoing treatment for metastatic disease increases this risk. The retrieved context highlights the importance of assessing and addressing these psychosocial issues.",
    "Retrieved context id":"5"},
    
    {"Issue":"Cognitive impairment",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors may experience cognitive impairment as a result of their treatment. The patient's systemic therapy with FOLFIRINOX and ongoing treatment with Gemcitabine + Abraxane could contribute to cognitive issues. The retrieved context mentions cognitive dysfunction as a common issue among survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"2"},
    
    {"Issue":"Body image issues",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors may struggle with body image issues due to the physical changes resulting from their treatment. The patient's surgery and side effects such as peripheral neuropathy and bilateral foot drop could affect their body image. The retrieved context highlights body image issues as a concern for survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"3"},
    
    {"Issue":"Sexual concerns",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors often face sexual concerns, including loss of sexual function and desire. The patient's extensive treatment and side effects may impact their sexual health. The retrieved context indicates that sexual concerns are common among survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"7"},
    
    {"Issue":"Employment concerns",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors may face challenges in returning to work or maintaining employment due to their treatment and side effects. The patient's ongoing treatment and symptoms such as fatigue and neuropathy could impact their ability to work. The retrieved context mentions employment concerns as a significant issue for survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"1"},
    
    {"Issue":"Financial challenges",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors often experience financial challenges due to the high costs of treatment. The patient's ongoing treatment for metastatic disease and need for multiple medications may contribute to financial strain. The retrieved context highlights financial challenges as a common issue for survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"21"},
    
    {"Issue":"Relationship changes",
    "Explanation":"Cancer survivors may experience changes in their relationships due to the emotional and physical impact of their diagnosis and treatment. The patient's extensive treatment and side effects could affect their relationships with family and friends. The retrieved context mentions relationship changes as a concern for survivors.",
    "Retrieved context id":"7"}
    ]
}
```